This Android App is done by Seattle College Senior Students Mobile App Development Practicum (“Supplier”) to enhance the Skill Shot existing android application of the Customer (Skill Shot).
The app, upon loading, displays a map of “pins” showing pinball machine locations in and around Seattle.
From the map screen, when a location pin is tapped, it displays a pop up of the name of the establishment, and how many games are located at the establishment.  When this venue pop up is tapped it displays the text version of the venue details including venue name, appropriate age, address, phone number, a list of available games, a phone icon to call the venue, a world icon to open the venue website, and a pin icon to display the location of the venue on a map.
From the map screen, it also provides a list view icon that when tapped, displays the text list of locations and the number of games at that location, default sorted in alphabetical order.  When you tap on a venue, it displays the same venue details as when you tap the pin and then the venue pop up.
From the map screen and the page list screen, there is a filter icon that allows you to filter results by All Ages (this is the only option from the map screen), Sorted from A-Z (text list only), Sorted by Distance (text list only), Sorted by number of games (most to least, text list only).
From the map screen and the page list screen, there is a menu that displays the capability to log in as an Admin and edit the game list.
From the text list screen there is the capability to search for venues by name.
